Update rule what-is-chatgpt (#6857)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/what-is-chatgpt/rule.md

    url: https://www.ssw.com.au/people/adam-cogan
  - title: Harry Ross
    url: https://www.ssw.com.au/people/harry-ross
  - title: Jack Reimers
    url: https://www.ssw.com.au/people/jack-reimers
created: 2023-02-08T04:38:42.016Z
guid: 83ea4273-8b6d-4c62-af61-5f886f46aa1a
---

> ChatGPT is a user friendly way to interact with OpenAI's [GPT](/what-is-gpt) models. It is essentially a wrapper around the GPT API that makes it much easier to have human like conversations with the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ChatGPT is a user friendly way to interact with OpenAI's [GPT](/what-is-gpt) models. Essentially, it takes the model of GPT and turns it into a chat bot that responds in a human-like manner.
```
